Add CaptureLastError for ASP.NET (#1411)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

## Features

> - Add CaptureLastError for ASP.NET ([#1411](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/1411))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add CaptureLastError as an extension method to the Server class on ASP.NET ([#1411](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/1411))
```
